# Overview
This release primarily provides three new dashboards which help the user manage the use of the custom commands from the initial release. There have also been some significant error handling and bug fixes in this release. This release also contains some much improved and much needed documentation.

## New Features
There are three new dashboards in the PyDen Manager: Python Versions, Virtual Environments, PyPI Hub. 

The Python Versions dashboard allows a user to view all of the PyDen compatible CPython versions. Next to each version number is an icon which represents whether or not that version has been installed into PyDen. By clicking the icon, the user can either add or remove a particular version.

The Virtual Environments dashboard shows the user a table of Python virtual environments that have been created through the use of the `createvenv` command. Each row will have a red button to the left of it which, when clicked, will delete the environment from PyDen. In addition, the last row of the table will display `Create new environment`. This row has a green button to the left which, when clicked, will create a new environment of the name and version specified in the form inputs above the table.

The PyPI Hub is a dashboard that allos a user to browse through any package found in the [Python Package Index](https://pypi.org). Packages can be filtered using the text form input (wildcards are permissible) and when clicked, the description of the package will appear in the panel to the right. The Package description panel also includes an `Install` button which will install the package to the virtual environment selected in the dropdown.

## Improvements
There have been some improvements in error handling and better logical ordering within some of the scripts, especially around createdist, createvenv, and the utils script. 

## Known Bugs
There is a bug with the PyPI Hub `Install` button that, if clicked multiple times will keep producing additional status icons to the right of it. This is planned for correction through issue GL-9.

## Shoutouts
A big shoutout to [xavierashe](https://answers.splunk.com/users/474532/xavierashe.html?utm_source=answers&utm_medium=email&utm_term=xavierashe&utm_content=&utm_campaign=mention) who looks like our first adopter and asked our first question on [Splunk>answers](https://answers.splunk.com).