# Overview
This release primarily provides additional features for more mature deployments as well as a couple small conveniences.

## New Features
* This version officially supports distributed environments. If PyDen is installed to the indexers, they will be able to execute any Python script that leverages the PyDen activation from search bundles. This version also support modular alert actions.

## Improvements
* The default version to be used for new virtual environments, specified in the `pyden.conf` file, can be set via the UI of the `Python Versions` dashboard.
* The version of a virtual environment is now shown in the table of the `Virtual Environments` dashboard.
* The activation script will now use information from `sys.executable` instead of adding an argument to `sys.argv`.
* The activation script will now read the `pyden.conf` file from a `btool` subprocess instead of attempting to open the file using relative path.

## Fixed Bugs
* Corrected minor bug in `create_venv.py`.
* Changed stanza name in `pyden.conf` for default configurations to `default-pys` due to `ConfigParser` standards.

## Known Bugs
There is a bug with the PyPI Hub `Install` button that, if clicked multiple times will keep producing additional status icons to the right of it. This is planned for correction through issue GL-9.

## Developmemt improvements
* Repo now contains multiple `Vagrantfile` within a `vagrant/` directory that represent different Splunk architectures for ease of testing.
* There is a new `pyden-examples` app containing some trivial use cases around how PyDen can be used.
* Improved some of the GitLab CI/CD process.

## Shoutouts
Huge shoutout to `rpgdev` from GitHub who opened the first three issues for PyDen. This was a huge help in finding some bugs that had escaped me and honing a lot around the activation script.